You've done some charitable work as well.
Yes.
Tell me more about that.
Well, I've belonged to Wheatsow for quite a long time.
And where was the Wheatsow?
Well, here we used to have it in different people's houses.
Eventually the organisation that I belonged to called Betty Silver, we got older and older
and it was the same people taking office all the time.
So it was rather difficult.
So now I belong to a younger group.
So what happened to Betty Silver's group?
Did it just fade away?
Well, yes.
Yes.
And who was it?
A lot of people, they were no longer living.
It was rather sad, but we did very well.
And who was Betty Silver?
She was one of the original members as far as I know.
You're going back before I belonged.
And so they, I think it was originally called the Friendship Club.
And then they called it Betty Silver after her.
Was this attached to a particular synagogue or was it Orthodox Anarcho-Weats?
No, no.
Anybody.
Anybody, yeah.
It's an international organisation.
It's been going for a very long time.
Was it mainly raising money or was it social or both?
Both.
Both, yeah.
We used to have weekly weeding and weekly meetings and then we used to have these charity
shops which was something quite new in those days.
Now they're everywhere.
So did you have a charity shop in Cardiff?
No, no, no.
This was just a couple of times a year we'd have one.
And that would be where?
At the synagogue or?
No, no.
It would be wherever we could find premises.
Okay, yeah.
So you were just finding an empty shop and use it for a couple of days?
Yeah.
Yeah, some rather grotty shops.
We had to clean them up first.
Can you remember where any of them were?
Clifton Street.
Yeah.
City Road.
Wellfield Road.
Wherever we, as I say, we could find.
And that would be what, once a year?
Initially, yes.
And then after?
More often or less often?
And then we used to have a big bazaar once a year.
And where would the bazaar be?
Again, wherever we could get premises.
Usually church halls.